alias .plan 404
alias .project EMail: kashicommdore@shadowmesa.net : Twitter/Facebook: Kashicommodore;Some help:https://github.com/kashicommodore/dwmud;Disclaimer: Character is roleplayed as old-fashioned Lancrastrian. He's not racist or sexist etc, but is not politically correct either. Thats not hate, he's just a cultural idiot.

frimble ## Nicknames: Change these to your appropriate bags.
nickname worn backpack as bagmain
nickname worn backpack as bagloot
nickname worn satchel as bagquest
frimble ## Additional identity lines. Do not edit.
identify bagloot as loot bag
identify bagquest as quest bag
identify bagmoney as money bag

frimble ## Nicknames: Change these to your appropriate pouches.
nickname worn small leather neck pouch as pouchmoney
nickname worn small shoulder pouch 1 as pouchsecret
nickname worn small shoulder pouch 2 as pouchitems
nickname worn sturdy leather belt with pouches as pouchbelt
frimble ## Additional identity lines. Do not edit.
identify pouchsecret as secret bag
identify pouchitems as items bag
identify pouchbelt as utility bag

frimble ## Nicknames: Change these to your appropriate pockets.
nickname worn black leather trousers as pocketsmain
nickname worn black leather trousers as pocketcoat
frimble ## Additional identity lines. Do not edit.
identify pocketsmain as pocket
identify pocketscoat as cloak pocket

frimble ## Nicknames: Change these to your appropriate medicine and component containers.
nickname worn sturdy leather belt with pouches as kitmedicine
nickname worn sturdy leather belt with pouches as kitcomponents
frimble ## Additional identity lines. Do not edit. THESE ARE IMPORTANT!
identify kitmedicine with pouches as medicine bag
identify kitcomponents with pouches as component pouch

frimble ## Nicknames: Change these to your appropriate weapons and scabbards.
nickname katana as weaponmain
nickname worn sapphire-studded sword belt as scabbardmain
nickname wakizashi&elegant stiletto as weaponsecond
nickname worn sapphire-studded sword belt&worn oiled leather thigh sheath as scabbardsecond
nickname katana as weaponlarge
nickname worn sapphire-studded sword belt as scabbardlarge
nickname daggers as weaponsmall
nickname worn wolfskin armbands as scabbardsmall
nickname elegant stiletto as weaponstealth
nickname worn oiled leather thigh sheaths as scabbardstealth
nickname crossbow as weaponfired
nickname worn bandolier as scabbardfired
nickname klatchian throwing knife as weaponthrown
nickname worn knife belt as scabbardthrown

frimble ## Nicknames: Change these to your appropriate special items.
nickname yellow stone ring as itemlight
nickname blue crystal necklace as itemtalk
nickname black widow keyring as itemkeys
frimble ## Additional identity lines. Do not edit.
identify itemlight as lightring
identify itemtalk as talker
identify itemkeys as keys

frimble ## Aliases for weapons drawing and sheathing.
frimble ## Note: Change weapon names appropriately. Need to find a better way to manage this.
alias dr1 sh0;draw weaponmain from scabbardmain;nickname katana as weaponcurrent;
alias dr2 sh0;draw weaponsecond from scabbardsecond;nickname wakizashi as weaponcurrent 
alias dr3 sh0;draw weaponlarge from scabbardlarge;nickname katana as weaponcurrent 
alias dr4 sh0;draw weaponsmall from scabbardsmall;nickname daggers as weaponcurrent 
alias dr5 sh0;draw weaponstealth from scabbardstealth;nickname elegant stiletto as weaponcurrent 
alias dr6 sh0;draw weaponfired from scabbardfired;nickname crossbow as weaponcurrent 
alias dr7 sh0;draw weaponthrown from scabbardthrown;nickname klatchian throwing knife as weaponcurrent 
alias sh0 sheathe weaponcurrent;
alias sh1 sheathe weaponmain in scabbardmain
alias sh2 sheathe weaponsecond in scabbardsecond
alias sh3 sheathe weaponlarge in scabbardlarge
alias sh4 sheathe weaponsmall in scabbardsmall
alias sh5 sheathe weaponstealth in scabbardstealth
alias sh6 sheathe weaponfired in scabbardfired
alias sh7 sheathe weaponthrown in scabbardthrown
alias set category sh0 Weapons
alias set category sh1 Weapons
alias set category sh2 Weapons
alias set category sh3 Weapons
alias set category sh4 Weapons
alias set category sh5 Weapons
alias set category sh6 Weapons
alias set category sh7 Weapons
alias set category dr1 Weapons
alias set category dr2 Weapons
alias set category dr3 Weapons
alias set category dr4 Weapons
alias set category dr5 Weapons
alias set category dr6 Weapons
alias set category dr7 Weapons
